(Respect copyright)
♪Memories hold you back
from fulfilling your dreams♪
♪Only by moving forward
can you find reunion♪
♪Endings only mark new routes♪
♪It's all part of the scenery♪
♪To the horizon's call♪
♪Your journey hasn't started♪
♪Towards mountains,
chase the stars bright♪
♪Let time embrace you
and wash away the past♪
♪Put every twist behind you♪
♪Drift leisurely through time♪
♪Make headway against the wind♪
♪Let mountains bow to your pace♪
♪Rush towards a life without regret♪
♪Let your nature burst free♪
=The First Jasmine=
=Episode 6=
My grandfather encouraged his students
to learn about current affairs.
Is that so?
What did he teach?
My grandfather and tutors annotated
the Treatise on Rivers and Waterways.
They often talked
about your waterway reform.
The reform made 30,000 trackers
exempt from conscription.
And four-tenths of the tax was waived.
The tutors all praised you
as a remarkable woman of governance.
They greatly admired you.
Such matters reached the mountain?
Even the mountain guardians
heard of your great deeds.
In the third year of the Xide Era, you
allowed the unprivileged to take exams.
It was an opportunity to serve at court.
In the fifth year,
waterways were dredged.
In early autumn,
the land tax could be levied in kind.
Master Gu even made poetry
to praise you for it.
Now our nation is peaceful
and prosperous.
My grandfather said
it's all thanks to you, Your Majesty.
Princess Ding.
Yes.
Your grandfather is humble,
steady, yet uncommunicative.
His brilliance shines
only in state affairs.
You, however, are quite eloquent,
unlike him.
Your Majesty.
My grandfather is a pillar of the state.
I am but a humble woman.
All I want is an ordinary life of peace.
My praise of Your Majesty
is not flattery.
We all benefit from your benevolence.
Common homes find peace.
Fields yield harvest.
We all enjoy a profound peace.
My respect for Your Majesty
comes from the heart.
I admire your great feats.
Thank you, Your Majesty.
The grapes here are sweet and delicious.
Your Majesty.
I heard Prince Li composed a new piece.
How about he plays for us?
Permitted.
My new piece is unfinished.
I fear it would upset you, Your Majesty.
I beg your forgiveness.
Please allow me to play an old melody
to liven the gathering.
What is it?
Green Plum Prelude.
(Young Mo Jingli)
(Master Yu, Lishan Academy)
The fourth tremolo
should sound clear and crisp.
What sound was that?
Sounds like a frog jumps into the pond.
Your Highness!
Does it hurt?
Quite passionate.
Prince Li poured his feelings
into the tune.
I'm just not good at this.
Forgive me, Your Majesty.
Chiming chords require coordination.
Modulating to a plaintive key
only leads to a sad melody.
Since the music is over,
you all may leave now.
- I take my leave.
I wonder if the pastry shop
in the West Market is still open.
Have Qingyu stop by if it is.
You've been walking for long.
Is that what you are thinking?
What else then?
Your Highness,
does your hand still hurt?
Let me dress it when we're home.
Your Highness.
Halt!
Ye Li, you're happy, aren't you?
You've left the mountain
and married Prince Ding.
Even the Empress Dowager favors you.
Her Majesty chatted with you.
Her Majesty is very kind.
Sure, Her Majesty is.
But don't forget the sins
your kind once committed!
Logically, I should call you sister.
It's a matter of propriety,
and a family rule.
But you don't deserve it.
Lishan Academy was insolent
and challenged Her Majesty,
almost bringing calamity
upon the whole Ye family!
Fortunately, Father decisively cut ties
with the academy
and begged for mercy,
kneeling in the snow.
That's how he saved the entire family.
The entire family pulled together.
And my mom and the ladies
managed the household well.
That's why our family became prosperous.
And that's why you have it all.
As a big family,
we're all in the same boat.
Have you shown an ounce of gratitude?
My mom safeguarded your dowry.
My maternal uncles
managed your business tirelessly.
But now you put on airs
as Princess Consort.
And you stole our assets.
You ranted before the Empress Dowager.
Do you wish to disgrace our family
like your mom?
Do you deserve your surname?
Do you deserve to be my sister?
Whose assets have I seized?
The Ye family's.
By that logic,
your marriage dowry
should belong to Prince Li too.
So the entertainers in his house
can also spend your money?
How dare you insult my mom!
One more important thing.
Wh-What?
You should never have called me sister.
Prince Ding and Prince Li
are close relatives.
You should be calling me Aunt.
What?
Princess Li.
Prince Li is out of sight.
Where is His Highness?
Don't get cocky now, Ye Li.
Your Highness,
have you enjoyed what you watched?
What makes you think I enjoy it?
I'm your wife.
Your Highness,
how could you not defend me just now?
It's not that I didn't want to help,
but your intricate ties
to everyone involved
make things very complex.
I want to help,
but there is nothing I can do.
You truly want to help, Your Highness?
Of course.
You're quite suspicious, Your Highness.
Since you think so, I won't pretend.
Shouldn't you visit Prince Li
since he's wounded?
Why should I care?
What concern is it of mine?
Let's go.
Please hold, Princess Ding.
You left something in Anqing Palace.
Shall you return?
Your grandfather and tutors
compose books.
What do their students do then?
Reading, writing,
farming, hunting,
drinking plum wine and tea
at leisure.
They pick tea leaves every early spring.
My grandfather made poetry about it.
Tea making takes both patience
and perfect skills.
It's also a process
of finding inner peace.
Really? Finding inner peace?
Do they actually aim to live
as hermits forever?
Some scholars
used to live in seclusion.
That's what our tutors want too.
It's lucky for them
to live a quiet life on the mountain.
I've studied Master Liu's calligraphy
for 20 years,
but I still can't do it well.
Do you know which sentence matters most
in his work, Ode to Self-Cultivation?
Utmost sincerity works wonders.
You're clever,
so you should know what I mean.
Yes, I do.
My grandfather taught me
that utmost sincerity makes good things.
I always follow his teachings.
Your Majesty, I want to say something
my grandfather
and tutors never taught me.
I'm very happy about my marriage.
I'm grateful for your arrangement
and for freeing me from the mountain.
I love my current life.
What about your mother?
Is she also happy about your marriage?
Your Majesty.
My mom
has passed away.
What?
Yes.
She fell seriously ill on the way back
and passed away
before reaching Lishan Mountain.
(What about your mother?)
(Is she also happy about your marriage?)
(Your Majesty.)
(My mom)
(has passed away.)
(She fell seriously ill on the way back)
(and passed away
before reaching Lishan Mountain.)
Your Highness, have you rested?
Your Highness.
Your hand is wounded.
Let me treat it.
You love music,
but you shouldn't value it over your body.
And it takes time to compose a piece
in particular.
Be patient, Your Highness.
You think
I'm upset about composing?
What else?
Please, Your Highness.
If your hand is injured,
you can't play guqin anymore.
Also, you can't compose new tunes
any time soon.
Does your father
only have you and Ye Li?
Sure, two daughters.
But I have a younger brother.
He's my biological brother, very clever.
By the age of five, he'd read Mencius
and The Analects of Confucius.
Even our family tutor praised him
as a rare prodigy.
Did you grow up with Ye Li?
I grew up with my younger brother.
Ye Li lived at our house
before she turned 13.
Although we were close in age,
she often traveled
to Lishan with her mother,
so we weren't particularly close.
Do you remember things
from your childhood?
That was long ago.
Nothing special. It's hardly memorable.
Oh, I recall one incident.
One year, we spent months together
in Hangzhou.
The weather was quite hot.
We decided to charter a boat
to pick lotus roots in the lake.
Enormous red carp swam beneath!
Like this big!
Both Ye Li and I leaned over to see,
but the boat rocked violently.
I accidentally bumped into her,
and she tumbled right into the lake.
Such a ridiculous sight.
She bobbed like a duck on the surface.
She persistently demanded
an apology though.
Why should I apologize?
Guess what happened next?
That silly girl swam straight across
and climbed out herself!
She caught a chill afterward,
sneezing endlessly.
Oh, one more thing.
On a rainy day like this,
she suddenly grabbed me
and dashed outside.
We kept running in the rain,
and for no reason,
she burst into laughter.
She was laughing very hard.
I fell terribly ill after that.
What a madwoman!
Such heavy rain.
Your Highness.
Where did you get that shovel?
I found it in the storage room.
Do we have a saw?
Probably.
You need a saw?
Leave one in the yard.
All right.
Your Highness,
she's going towards the backyard.
where exactly is she going so late?
She has tools in her hand.
Have Anyi follow her.
Everything's ready.
Let's go.
Seems everyone's asleep.
My lady, can we do this?
Minghui entrusted this task to me
before I left the mountain.
You keep watch here.
Your Highness.
Why did she come to this place so late?
Your Highness, she is...
Stealing a tree?
Who's there?
Father, wake up!
Look, Your Highness, well...
Get up and check it out.
Your Highness?
Get in.
Who is it?
Tree thief!
- Father, come on!
- Stop!
Come on, Father.
Ye Li.
Speak. What were you doing?
Can we talk in private?
Now you feel embarrassed?
In the dead of night,
you didn't sleep but stole trees
from someone else's house?
I never stole trees.
How dare you deny it!
What were you doing then?
I just cut down a tree.
Our mansion is full of trees.
Why did it have to be that one?
Why cut down a tree?
Explain!
I know a man surnamed He
in Lishan Academy.
He studies the Zhouyi.
He failed imperial examinations twice.
After divining his own fortune,
he concluded the ginkgo tree
in front of his house ruined his luck.
That's why he failed.
Master Zhu insists his poor scholarship
and laziness failed him, not a tree.
He asked him to drop such thoughts.
But the more Minghui is told
not to do this,
the more he can't
stop thinking about it.
Eventually, it became his obsession.
He told me over and over
to chop that tree down
when I come down the mountain.
When he once tried to chop that tree
and swung his axe just once,
his father almost beat him to death.
Then you should feel lucky
you just ran fast enough.
That's because I run every day.
Come on. Don't be angry.
Never do it again.
Why do you run every day?
Your habit is different from others'.
For health. I have to stay active.
And I also hope I can run faster.
Run faster? Why?
Li! Come back!
Li!
Go that way!
- You can't leave.
- Help!
- Do not give in to them!
- Li!
- Let go of me!
I don't want to hurt you.
But you can't leave.
Master Helai will find a way. Go.
Let go!
Go!
Anyway, I promise it won't happen again.
Where have you been?
I asked you to keep watch,
and I ended up cornered!
His Highness even caught up,
and you didn't show up.
I intended to remind you.
But when I saw His Highness coming,
I got scared and stayed quiet.
Such a coward!
It won't happen again.
Come on. Playing his guqin
in the morning again.
He treats that piece of wood
like treasure.
Ma'am, he hasn't given me
a proper look for days!
If His Highness detests me,
what should I do?
I know an animal trainer
from the Western Regions.
He controls a phoenix with music.
Absolutely stunning.
I'll go ask him to teach you that.
His Highness loves music.
Seeing your sincere effort to learn,
he'll surely be touched.
Alright.
Stop squinting at me.
Just look directly at me.
Your Highness.
Did His Highness scold you
for sealing a tree yesterday?
How did you know?
I overheard it earlier.
No.
He didn't scold me,
nor did I steal a tree.
You misheard.
Your Highness, a report from outside.
An elderly man wishes to see you.
I'm He Jin. Greetings, Your Highness.
Please, have a seat.
I am the father of He Minghui.
My son is currently studying
at Lishan Academy.
I think you know him. He's your senior.
Yes, Mr. He.
I came today for one thing.
Last night, a tree at my home
was inexplicably chopped down.
May I ask if Your Highness
sent someone to do that?
I am not here to blame,
merely to find out why.
For these eight years,
Minghui has sent no word.
But after that tree fell,
I began to think if he had returned.
Yet upon inquiring, I learned
Lishan Mountain is not open yet.
You're the only one
who left the mountain.
So I guess
Minghui asked you to chop it down.
Minghui indeed asked me to cut it down.
I did it secretly,
fearing your disapproval.
Please forgive me.
It doesn't matter.
Sit, please.
How is he doing up on the mountain?
Is he living a good life?
Don't worry.
The academy cultivates its own land
to grow vegetables.
Wild fruits grow in the forest.
Food is quite sufficient.
Oh, he has even learned
to make sesame cakes himself.
He can eat three whole ones.
Good for him. He's loved sesame cakes
since he was little.
Excuse me for this.
How does he get along with the tutors?
After so many years,
has he become better academically?
He is smart and diligent.
He frequently earns praise
from the tutors.
That's good! Very good!
Minghui is always clever
and studies hard.
But he never listened to me.
Back then, I wanted him to marry early.
But he flat-out refused,
packed his bags,
and went off to Lishan Mountain.
He didn't even come home.
It's been eight years.
Now he's 32, yet still unmarried.
It's truly nerve-wracking!
Oh, well. To each their own,
as long as he believes
he's doing what's right.
Many spend their entire lives
unsure of what is truly right.
Your Highness,
when will you return to Lishan Mountain?
It's unlikely to happen soon.
I see.
I wrote a letter.
Would it be possible
to pass it along to Minghui?
Certainly, no problem.
I write to tutors regularly.
I'll pass it to him for you.
Really?
That's wonderful!
Thank you, Your Highness.
Please take care, Mr. He.
(To He Minghui)
(Prince Li's Mansion)
Her Highness has been waiting. Come in.
Make its feathers nice.
Is this good?
No. Make it nicer.
Ma'am.
Hurry!
This is the phoenix you mentioned?
But it's clearly a peacock!
You think His Highness likes this?
Please, Your Highness.
Real phoenixes don't exist.
The peacock is stunning already.
Look at its gorgeous tail.
It complements your elegant grace.
Your Highness.
This peacock is incredibly intelligent.
Play this flute
following the tune I teach,
and it will open its feathers and fly.
The melody is called Bird Summoning.
Look, Your Highness.
It's so beautiful!
Mastering this will surely
please His Highness.
Quickly, teach me this!
Yes.
Observe, Your Highness.
This flute has seven finger holes.
Proper finger placement is critical.
Cover this hole with your thumb.
Yes.
Then, cover the second and fourth holes
with your index finger and ring finger.
Good, just like that.
Inhale deeply, and then try blowing.
How could it sound so dreadful?
Are you mocking me?
No, I'm not.
Perhaps your finger placement and breath
weren't synchronized.
The art of music requires patience.
Do not rush.
Master the breath control as you play.
I'll try now and make them fly.
Come on.
Hello, Li.
Where did you go? You seem worn out.
Even criminals look more decent
than you now.
Well,
I went to a place
30 li away from the city
to inspect terracotta figurines shipped
from Datong Prefecture.
And?
Not good.
Even worse quality
than the last painted pottery.
So you went there for nothing.
Not really.
On my return, just at the city gate,
I witnessed a strange thing.
What happened?
A caravan from the Western Regions
brought blue peacocks the other day.
Their show attracted big crowds.
But today, they'd barely begun
when Prince Li's carriage rolled up.
They took away the performer
and the birds.
I heard they invited
the famous animal trainer
to learn how to tame birds.
Does Princess Li want to learn?
Ye Ying has always been very impatient.
I'd rather believe the trainer can fly
than that she can learn.
Here's the account book.
I've watched the shop for a while.
I'm heading home.
Thank you.
No deals. No...
Why did you record this?
Your Highness, I forgot to buy cakes.
Go ahead.
The carriage is over there.
You return first.
Mo Wuyou! Stop!
Stop!
Mo Wuyou, stop right there!
Mo Wuyou!
Stop!
Halt!
Don't you run!
Stop!
- Your Highness!
Are you okay?
I just don't believe it!
Mo Wuyou, stop right there!
I caught you.
You can't run away.
Caught you.
Beat him!
Be careful!
Your Highness.
Be careful, Your Highness.
Watch out!
Get them!
Yes!
No fighting!
Run!
Get out of here!
Wuyou!
Stop fighting, Wuyou!
Get home right now!
If they don't fly, I'll make you fly!
Your Highness,
time to prepare your dinner.
I'd like to fly first.
You...
Ma'am.
I'll fly with you!
I'm flying too!
Your Highness, I really can't fly!
Those kids don't seem very big.
But they hit you hard.
Why were they hitting you?
Did you tell them you're a Young Lord?
None of your business.
Who are they?
Classmates. Happy now?
Saying nothing doesn't make you tough.
It doesn't mean
you've solved your problems.
Mo Wuyou, you're still a child.
When a gang of kids was punching you,
you didn't back down.
Very brave of you.
But if you share your troubles
with your family,
it also means you're brave.
You know why they hit me?
I can probably guess.
But troublemakers
will always find a pretext for trouble.
Because trouble is all they are.
Kids cause trouble and get beaten,
while adults end up in jail.
Don't get tangled with them.
And don't let them soil you.
They aren't worth your time.
Ma'am.
Why do you think
I just can't make the peacock fly?
Your Highness.
Not everything is done on the first try.
Just be patient.
Eat something, okay?
I won't eat.
I must master it.
Your Highness.
Ding.
What makes you so happy?
Good news, Your Highness.
His Highness received an appointment!
He'll soon go take office
at Jingzhao Prefecture.
Your Highness.
Where have you been?
Why are you back so late?
I went to watch the shop.
Plenty of mud on your shoes.
How?
Is the path from the mansion
to Shende Shop that muddy?
I helped Wuyou with a fight.
On my way home,
I saw a bunch of kids bullying him.
I couldn't pull them apart,
so I jumped in to help.
You shouldn't doubt me.
You should ask me who bullied him
and help him get even.
Kids always fight. It's normal.
It's normal that one group of kids
fights another group.
But Wuyou alone
was being beaten up by a group.
That isn't normal.
His father is gone.
You are his uncle,
so you must protect him.
He's a Young Lord,
yet he doesn't even
have a page boy beside him.
Nobody else knows he got injured.
Is that right?
I see.
(Preview)
I really, really want
to see him one more time.
Even in my dreams.
Greetings from the 27 innocent souls
of your clan
received.
You're most likely to get mouth sores.
Let me heal your legs.
It can wait.
Where did Monkey go?
♪Memories hold you back
from fulfilling your dreams♪
♪Only by moving forward
can you find reunion♪
♪Endings only mark new routes♪
♪It's all part of the scenery♪
♪To the horizon's call♪
♪Your journey hasn't started♪
♪Towards mountains,
chase the stars bright♪
♪Both joy and grief
make the trip worthwhile♪
♪Trying to catch up
to your own lost shadow♪
♪Within the wilds, echoes thrive♪
♪Clear mind leads to a clear path♪
♪Be grateful to your losses♪
♪Make your steps weightless♪
♪Towards mountains,
chase the stars bright♪
♪Let time embrace you
and wash away the past♪
♪Put every twist behind you,
drift leisurely through time♪
♪Make headway against the wind,
let mountains bow to your pace♪
♪Rush towards a life without regret♪
♪Let your nature burst free♪
♪Unbound by form♪